[INTPLAT-462] DDS: Orca Security: integration V1.0.0 (#19164)
DataDog/integrations-core: orca_security/README.md

# Orca Security Integration For Datadog

## Overview

> [Orca Security][1] a cloud security platform that identifies, prioritizes, and remediates security risks and compliance. It provides features like Real-time visibility, vulnerability management, workload protection, cloud security posture management, compliance management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Orca Security][1] is a cloud security platform that identifies, prioritizes, and remediates security risks and compliance. It provides features like real-time visibility, vulnerability management, workload protection, cloud security posture management, and compliance management.
```

This integration ingests the following log:

- Alert: Represents details such as the state of alert, account details, asset in which the alert was found, and more.

> The Orca Security integration seamlessly ingests the data of alert logs using the in-built integration of Orca with Datadog. Before ingestion of the data, it normalizes and enriches the logs, ensuring a consistent data format and enhancing information content for downstream processing and analysis. The integration provides insights into alert logs through the out-of-the-box dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Orca Security integration seamlessly ingests the data of alert logs using the built-in integration of Orca with Datadog. Before ingestion of the data, it normalizes and enriches the logs, ensuring a consistent data format, and enhancing information content for downstream processing and analysis. The integration provides insights into alert logs through the out-of-the-box dashboards.
```

## Setup

### Configuration

#### [Orca Security Configuration for Datadog][2]

1. Login to the Orca Security Platform.
2. Go to **Settings** > **Connections** > **Integrations**.
3. In the **SIEM/SOAR** section, select **Datadog**, and then click **Connect**.

   The Datadog Configuration window opens.
4. Specify the following settings:

>    - **API Key** - Add API key of Datadog platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **API Key** - Add the API key of your Datadog platform.
```

   - **Region** - Select the region where your Datadog instance is located.
5. Click **Save**.
6. Click **Configure** on the Datadog Integration and enable the integration.
7. Go to **Automations** and click **+ Create Automation**.
8. In the **Automation Details** section, provide **Automation Name**.
9. In the **Trigger Query** section, select all the values for alert state in the query. The query should look as below:

    ```When an alert Alert State is open,in_progress,snoozed,dismissed,closed```

> 10. In the **Define Results** section, please enable **Apply to Existing Alerts** if existing alerts in the Orca Security platform need to be forwarded to Datadog or disable it to forward newly generated/updated alerts. (**Note:** As per Datadog Log Ingestion behavior, alerts updated older than 18 hours cannot be ingested to Datadog.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. In the **Define Results** section, please enable **Apply to Existing Alerts** if existing alerts in the Orca Security platform need to be forwarded to Datadog, or disable it to forward newly generated/updated alerts. 
**Note**: Alerts that were updated more than 18 hours ago cannot be ingested into Datadog.
```

> 11. In the **SEIM/SOAR** under the **Define Results** section, check the **Datadog** and select **Logs** as the datadog type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. In the **SIEM/SOAR** section under the **Define Results** section, check **Datadog** and select **Logs** as the Datadog type.
```

# Orca Security Integration For Datadog

## Overview

[Orca Security][1] is a cloud security platform that identifies, prioritizes, and remediates security risks and compliance. It provides features like real-time visibility, vulnerability management, workload protection, cloud security posture management, and compliance management.
This integration ingests the following log:

> - Alert: Represents details such as the state of alert, account details, asset in which the alert was found, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alert: Includes information such as the alert state, account details, the asset where the alert was detected, and additional details.
```
Just suggest to reword this slightly.

> The Orca Security integration seamlessly ingests the data of alert logs using the built-in integration of Orca with Datadog. Before ingestion of the data, it normalizes and enriches the logs, ensuring a consistent data format, and enhancing information content for downstream processing and analysis. The integration provides insights into alert logs through the out-of-the-box dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Orca Security integration seamlessly ingests alert logs data using the built-in integration of Orca with Datadog. Before ingestion of the data, it normalizes and enriches the logs, ensures a consistent data format, and enhances information content for downstream processing and analysis. The integration provides insights into alert logs through the out-of-the-box dashboards.
```

## Setup

### Configuration

#### [Orca Security Configuration for Datadog][2]

1. Login to the Orca Security Platform.
2. Go to **Settings** > **Connections** > **Integrations**.
3. In the **SIEM/SOAR** section, select **Datadog**, and then click **Connect**.

   The Datadog Configuration window opens.
4. Specify the following settings:
   - **API Key** - Add the API key of your Datadog platform.
   - **Region** - Select the region where your Datadog instance is located.
5. Click **Save**.
6. Click **Configure** on the Datadog Integration and enable the integration.
7. Go to **Automations** and click **+ Create Automation**.
8. In the **Automation Details** section, provide **Automation Name**.
9. In the **Trigger Query** section, select all the values for alert state in the query. The query should look as below:

    ```When an alert Alert State is open,in_progress,snoozed,dismissed,closed```

> 10. In the **Define Results** section, please enable **Apply to Existing Alerts** if existing alerts in the Orca Security platform need to be forwarded to Datadog, or disable it to forward newly generated/updated alerts.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. In the **Define Results** section, enable **Apply to Existing Alerts** if existing alerts in the Orca Security platform need to be forwarded to Datadog, or disable it to forward newly generated/updated alerts.  
```
